>>Hello, this is
Michael Tellinger.
And we continue our exploration
into the ancient, murky past,
the origins of
humankind, the mystery
of vanished civilizations,
human obsession with gold,
and many other mysterious
questions that don't always
have obvious answers.
One of the important
things we covered
in the past few episodes
is the story of gold.
Until a few years
ago, South Africa
was the largest exporter
of gold in the world,
and many other precious
minerals for a long, long time.
And this seems to go back
into antiquity thousands
and thousands of years ago,
where much of the world's gold
was provided by this
part of the world.
We explored the Anglo
Boer War, or what
is now called the South
African War from 1899 to 1902.
And the mysterious story behind
Paul Kruger and the missing
train, and the train filled
with gold that vanished,
never to be found again.
The question we
asked was not where
did the train and the
gold disappear to.
But the question
more important, is
where did Paul Kruger
get all the gold from
to fill the train?
Now that we've had a look at the
mysterious, Annunaki activity,
the vast gold mining empire
started by the Annunaki
and Enki and the unimaginable
number of gold mines,
the underground
tunnels, I think we're
getting closer to
an answer to that
question-- why did the
British Empire send 470,000
troops to Southern
Africa to fight
60,000 farmers on horseback and
another 60,000 native Africans
with spears and shields.
I believe the question
is answered by looking
at what Paul Kruger discovered.
We have an interesting story
about a pre-Inca statue,
a Viracocha kind of
deity, being found
in a paved tunnel in the town
of Carletonville around 1975.
And this statue was in
a tunnel that was fully
paved all the way around,
clearly indicating
an advanced ancient civilization
that left behind the statue.
Now, the Boer fighters were
well known for digging tunnels
to hide from the British troops.
And I believe it was in one
of these episodes of digging
a tunnel to hide from
the troops that they
came across another tunnel.
And this time it was most
likely paved all the way around,
just like the one
in Carletonville,
except this time there wasn't
a statue of Viracocha in there.
This time the tunnel
was filled with gold--
finished, complete gold.
I believe that Paul
Kruger accidentally
discovered the Annunaki
tunnels and the Annunaki gold.
And this made him,
overnight, the most dangerous
and the most powerful
man in the world.
Unfortunately, Paul Kruger
didn't know about this.
He didn't know what
he stumbled upon.
Otherwise, he would have
behaved very, very differently.
However, the British Empire
knew exactly what had happened.
They knew that Paul Kruger must
have stumbled upon the Annunaki
gold.
Otherwise, where did he
get all that gold from?
And this is why they
mobilized 470,000 soldiers
to throw at the problem.
They had to stop this man,
no matter what it took.
Remember who the
British Empire is.
They are the royal
bloodlines, and they are
the empire that runs the world.
They are the banking families.
These people know exactly about
the Annunaki, the history,
and the gold.
They knew that unless they
dealt with the problem,
Paul Kruger was going to become
the biggest problem they ever
faced in the history
of this planet,
with all the Annunaki
gold at his fingertips.
And that takes us to analyzing
these millions of stone
structures in Southern
Africa connected
to the gold mining, all
this mining activity, Enki,
and the cloning of a species.
But what were these
stone ruins and the stone
circles all about?
Clearly, they were not
dwellings for people,
and they were not dwellings
for cows, or sheep,
or any other animal.
They have no doors
and entrances.
They're all connected
by channels.
So what were they?
I think it's very
obvious to most
that have been watching
the series what
we're dealing with here.
First of all, the stones
in the walls of these ruins
are all made up
with a material that
is very rich in quartz, or
metamorphisized quartzite,
or crystalline substance.
It's either dolerite, or it's
a stone known as hornfels,
it's known as ring stone by
geologists in Southern Africa
and around the world.
And it also contains stones
that ring like bells.
Now, it was at this
moment, shortly
after I started researching
the stone circles,
and we were clearing
one of the stone circles
to prepare it for tourism and
to bring tourists to the site.
And the team that we had,
they were moving the stones
and picking some of the
ones up from underfoot
so we could clear a path--
that they were putting
the stones down and I
suddenly heard the sounds that
were being made by these
20 or 30 people who
are moving the stones.
And it was literally
like ding dong
ding ding ding ding-- just
these ringing ping ping
sounds as they were
moving the stones.
And I realized at that
moment that the stones
had something to do with sound.
And this was supported soon
after with the discovery
of the elongated stones that
very obviously ring like bells.
And to demonstrate how these
stones ring like bells,
I've compiled a
little video clip
to show you the beautiful
sounds that they make.
It's important to note
that many of these stones
ring at a b-flat, which is the
same note that was measured
by NASA from the center of
the very massive supercluster
galaxy in the Perseus
Supercluster Galaxy Complex.
So enjoy this little clip.
Maybe also to show you how
some of these other stones
ring like bells-- as you
can see, we find many,
many of these elongated stones.
The one is full of the patina.
It's thick patina
so it's quite dull,
but you can still
hear the effect.
And this is a beautiful one.
This one actually rings at
two different frequencies.
Dong dong dong, dong dong dong.
They're quite large.
Look at this one.
And it looks also like it
was inserted into something
up to that point.
And also remember, they
all ring like bells.
This one is no exception.
All right, and on that note.
There we go.
That's better.
That's what you want.
You realize that this thing
really rings like a bell,
and it reverberates
for quite a long time.
And there you go--
demonstration how
these stones ring like bells.
And they were used in all
kinds of ways and fashions,
just like the Ankh to
create specific vibrational
frequencies and
specific notes to use
as a form and a
source of energy.
What are these stones made of?
What is a stone that
rings like a bell made of?
We've already spoken about this.
It's made up of
crystalline structure.
What is crystalline structure?
It contains silica,
silica dioxide.
That's what crystals are.
What is silica?
Silica contains memory.
Silica conducts sound.
Silica conducts light.
Silica stores memory
and information.
Silica is at the heart of
the most advanced technology
we have today.
You know, Silicon
Valley, fiber optics,
silicon chips-- the words
make it very clear what
we're dealing with here.
All these ancient sites are
giant Silicon Valley memory
banks that hold huge
amounts of information,
encoded in the walls of
these ancient structures.
Whether it's the
pyramids of Giza,
whether it's the
walls of the stone
circles in South Africa, or
Stonehenge, or Borobudur--
doesn't matter.
All these ancient sites contain
a large amount of silica
that will contain a
lot of the knowledge
and information in them.
And now that we know
that-- very recently we've
been told that crystals
can hold digital data,
as if we didn't
know this before,
but finally they
released this information
to the global population.
And we know that an
ordinary little crystal
can store billions of
terabytes of information.
But obviously this is
not good for business.
They can't release new forms
of upgrades of computers
to make us buy the same
stuff over and over again.
So that kind of
knowledge and information
is very quickly swept
under the carpet
and kept for the benefit of the
computer and the IT industry
and those that make computers.
But now that we know that
digital data and information
can be stored in
crystals, we realize
that so much information
and knowledge
must be stored in the
crystalline structure of all
these ancient sites
around the world.
And it's just a matter of time
before some 12-year-old kid
with a fancy application
walks up to Stonehenge
and plugs it into
one of the cracks,
and starts to download some
fascinating information
from the rocks at
Stonehenge, or the Pyramids,
or any of these ancient
sites around the world.
I just hope that he uploads
this information on to YouTube
before the black
helicopters appear
above his house, or the car
that he finds himself in.
Because clearly this is
not the kind of information
that those that control humanity
would like to share with us.
The conclusion that we
reach from this expose
is that all these ancient
sites are really built
for very much the same reasons.
They're giant machines.
They all resonate.
They use sound and
frequency and resonance
to drive these machines to
perform whatever function
they're supposed to perform.
And this is also why
most of these, or many
of these, ancient
sites are aligned
with the movement of the sun.
Because they use the movement
of the sun from the winter
solstice, to the
summer solstice,
to the equinox, and the
movement of the stars.
Remember, we might think
that the stars are faint,
but it's still light
that comes down.
And when the sun rises
on the summer solstice
and comes down a passage, and
hits a standing stone that's
filled with
crystalline substance,
it's like the sound frequencies
and the light frequencies
in that beam of
light that activate.
It's like hitting
Enter on your computer.
It activates the
machine to start
performing a specific function,
whatever it's supposed to do.
And it starts to work.
And when the sun moves
to the winter solstice,
and comes down another passage,
or a tunnel over there,
and the sunlight, when it rises,
hits another standing stone,
or another stone filled
with crystalline substance--
it activates the machine
to do something else,
or to stop doing or
performing the function which
it was instructed to do
on the solstice before.
And this is how these ancient
structures were built,
and why they were aligned
with the movement of the sun.
Suddenly it starts to
make a lot more sense.
And we realize that all these
ancient sites, whether it's
Stonehenge-- when we look at
the research done at Stonehenge,
there's so much work
that's been done
to do with the sound and
resonance that was measured
in Stonehenge showing us
beautiful, symmetrical
interference patterns.
Clearly showing us, even though
stone has been reconstructed,
the encoded energy fields
in these structures
are so strong that they
hold those resonances even
in their very badly decomposed
or deconstructed state.
And this very clearly
shows us that Stonehenge
was built with intent to
be a resonating chamber,
or a resonating device.
And this photograph that has
been shown on the internet
shows us that weird
frequencies are being
emitted from the pyramids.
This was taken with a special
lens that can actually
photograph sound frequencies
and show us the effect of sound
through a lens.
This clearly shows that
even in their really badly
deconstructed state, the
pyramids are still active.
Not always, but on
certain times of the year
and on certain days.
And in recent times we started
seeing photographs emerge
coming out of the Chichen
Itza pyramid, this very
powerful beam of light that
was captured that shows us
that there's these pyramids
emitting huge amounts of energy
in sound and light.
And this is consistent with
our findings in the stone
circles in Southern
Africa, and specifically
at Adam's Calendar.
Here's another example at the
Pyramid of the Sun in Mexico.
Huge amount of
energy being released
from the top of the pyramid,
which clearly boggles
the mind of researchers that
still see these as structures
that were built by people who
didn't really know what they
were doing, or
built because they
were built as tombs or
something nonsensical like that.
This is the phenomenal
discovery by Semir Osmanagic,
the Bosnian Pyramid.
And just like all the
other ancient sites,
the Bosnian Pyramid,
which at this stage
seems to be the largest
pyramid discovered,
emits a beam of energy from
the top of the pyramid.
And this beam of energy has
been measured at 28 kilohertz.
It's fascinating that
this 28 kilohertz
is repeated in many ancient
discoveries around the world
and is very significant,
that particular frequency.
What I need to tell you,
as well, about the Bosnian
Pyramid, since we
are on the subject,
is that the many tunnels
that leads to the pyramid--
and if you don't know
this yet, the pyramid
is pretty much located on
top of a large labyrinth
of underground tunnels that
all lead to the pyramid.
And Semir Osmanagic
is busy excavating
these tunnels that
lead, and making
his way into the pyramid.
What's fascinating about this
particular Bosnian Pyramid
is that inside the tunnels
there is a very pure air.
And this clean, crisp air,
very high in negative ions,
they've actually
captured healing effects.
People with problems with the
knees, or backs, or asthma,
or other ailments that they
have-- after they come work
as volunteers in the tunnels
of the Bosnian Pyramid--
come away feeling
revitalized and healed.
People that have had
problems for years
come away completely cured
and healed from the problem
that they entered
the tunnels with.
And I specifically experienced
a similar situation.
The moment you walk
into those tunnels you
can feel the fresh, clean air.
It's like there's this constant
move or negative ions that
are good for you, this movement
of air that has this very
positive effect on your body.
Now, what is this
doing for the pyramid?
And this is my take on
the Bosnian Pyramid.
It seems to be some sort of a
device, where the tunnels work
like the trachea and the bronchi
and the alveoli in our lungs.
The air moves through our
lungs, energizing the oxygen
and activating our body.
And this is exactly what these
tunnels under the Bosnian
permit seem to do.
As the air moves through
this labyrinth of tunnels,
it creates a sound
and a resonance
that resonates the
pyramid, that starts to do
whatever it's supposed to do.
And at this stage, we
believe that the pyramid
has got something to
do with the activation
of our consciousness,
or the increase
or the elevating of human
consciousness on this planet.
There are specific
reasons for this,
and we may get into
that in future episodes.
But right now let's move on
into-- this is just to show you
what some of these tunnels
under the pyramids look like.
And at this stage I
think Semir Osmanagic
has excavated close to two
kilometers of these tunnels
as he's making his way
towards under the pyramid
and into the Bosnian Pyramid.
So what are the stone circles
in Southern Africa all about?
We've explored cymatics
and the manifestation
of sand on a metal
plate, or sound
that creates physical form when
you put sand on a metal plate.
And I think by now, if you've
looked at the stone circles
from the aerial
photographs, you realize
that that's exactly
what we're dealing with.
Every stone circle is just
a physical manifestation
of the sound frequencies
that emanate out
of Mother Earth at
that particular point.
So this is why every stone
circle is completely unique,
because the sound frequencies
are changed and morphed
as they move through the earth.
And as they surface, on that
particular place of the earth,
they create a very
specific frequency,
and a very specific
cymatic pattern
based on that frequency.
And this is what the
ancients captured,
what the Annunaki captured.
They identified the cymatic
pattern of the sound.
And they stacked
the stones according
to the cymatic pattern,
amplifying the sound coming out
of the earth and turning them
into electromagnetic fields
and a form of energy that
are then used for everything
they did in this
part of the world,
and possibly right
around the world.
And this gives us
a giant energy grid
that is still active today.
Because remember, all
these stone circles
in southern Africa
are all connected
by those channels, or wires,
that all connect them together.
So we're looking
at a giant energy
grid that creates an
unimaginable amount of energy.
We simply cannot imagine the
amount of energy that was
and still is created by these
stone circles of southern
Africa.
And some of these
stone circles are built
in the shape of magnetrons.
And we've already spoken
about magnetrons, and the fact
that magnetrons are also driven
by sound and resonance that
create this very
high energy output.
Now, if a small magnetron
can create a laser beam that
can cut metal in a
split second, you
can just imagine how much
energy is created, or would
be created, by a giant
magnetron about 20 meters,
or 60 feet in diameter, made
out of quartz, and silica,
and crystalline
substance-- stone.
This is why the
ancients used stone.
They didn't have to use
advanced technology,
or what we perceive as
because they didn't have
to sell it to anybody.
They didn't have money.
They didn't use money.
They did things for
whatever they needed
to do to achieve their goals.
And this is what we're going to
talk about in much more detail
in future episodes.
So if one small magnetron
can create a laser beam that
can cut metal in a split
second, how much energy
would a giant magnetron create?
Well, I had two answers from
two magnetron scientists.
And they both gave
me the same answer.
One of these would create
more energy than all the power
plants on earth today.
This is staggering.
Why is it staggering?
Because we don't just have
one of these ancient magnetron
sites, we have
thousands of them.
And then we have 10 million
of these stone structures that
support these magnetron sites.
This is truly
something that we need
to take some time to digest.
But the most exciting
thing about this
is that these stone
circles are still alive.
And we know this because
we measured them.
We measured the
sound frequencies,
the electromagnetic
fields that are
created by these sound
frequencies coming out
the stone walls.
We measured the heat signatures
that it created that come out
of the ground, which is the
average temperature about 300
meters below the ground.
Now, the heat signatures are a
very interesting and peculiar
thing here.
It's not the surface temperature
on the surface of the ground.
It's the average
temperature about 300 meters
below the surface of the ground.
And the scale works on the
basis that at 80 degrees
Celsius-- I'm not sure
what that is in Fahrenheit.
But remember, that in Celsius
water boils at 100 degrees.
So at 80 degrees
Celsius, it tells you
that you're standing
on top of a volcano.
That's what this heat
signature scale measures.
That's how it's
calibrated-- 80 degrees,
you're standing on
top of a volcano.
And you'll start
seeing how important
this calculation,
or this measurement
is when we start
measuring these sites.
At this particular
stone circle we
measured 33 and 1/2
gigahertz of sound frequency
coming out of the walls.
I can tell you that
the lowest frequency
we measured coming out
of the walls is about 14
and 1/2 gigahertz,
which is insane.
You shouldn't be measuring
sound in the gigahertz
coming out of nature,
or stones in nature.
So clearly, whatever
these ancients
did, what the Annunaki did
in constructing these stone
circles, they knew
exactly what they
were doing to harness
and amplify the energy.
33 and 1/2 gigahertz
sound frequencies
coming out of these walls.
And it seems to me
that it is the quartz,
it's the vibration of the quartz
in the crystalline structure
of the rocks that make up the
walls, that actually emits
the sound frequency that is
picked up by the instruments
that we use to detect this.
The other thing we measured is
the heat signature coming out
of the stone circle.
Outside of the stone
circle the heat signature,
the average temperature
300 meters deep, is about 5
and 1/2 degrees Celsius.
The moment we swing
the measuring device
into the stone circle it shoots
up to 58 degrees Celsius.
This is spectacular.
It doesn't make any sense.
We measured
electromagnetic fields
that are being created
as a result of the sound,
and this seemingly swirling
sound, this movement
of sound through the
stone walls that creates
an electromagnetic field.
And it is this
electromagnetic field,
that seems to run horizontally
in most of the sun circles,
and this is what
prevents you from getting
satellite reception.
And you lose GPS reception.
And your GPS stops to work.
Now we can explain why we pick
up these weird GDP anomalies
when you walk into
the stone circles,
and specifically
into Adam's Calendar,
where it's even more pronounced.
When we get to Adam's
Calendar-- or as we now know,
Enki's Calendar--
everything we think
we know about science
and measuring of sound
and frequencies
flies out the window.
Because as you approach
it, and you measure
the sound frequencies,
there's nothing there,
just ambient noise.
And the moment you step
through that imaginary circle,
because there is not even
a wall at Adam's Calendar.
You know, at the stone circles
you can still understand
where the sound is coming from.
It's coming from
out of the walls.
Yet, at Adam's Calendar
there are no walls,
but the same thing happens.
As we approach, nothing.
And the moment you step
into the imaginary circle,
the sound frequencies
go beyond 375 gigahertz.
This is insane.
I don't think anything in
the history of this planet
has a vein measured at 375
gigahertz that I know of.
Unless you're working
in the secret military,
or the secret space
program, you're
probably working at those
kind of frequencies.
But certainly not in
nature, and certainly
not in man-made structures.
The heat signatures
are spectacular.
Again, outside the
Adam's Calendar
the heat signature
is about 9 degrees,
9 degrees approaching it.
The moment you step right
into the imaginary circle it
shoots up to 77 degrees.
That means you are three
degrees short of being
on top of a volcano.
The moment you step between
the two central calendar stones
it shoots up beyond 80 degrees.
Now the reading is
telling you you're
standing on top of
an active volcano.
But we know we're not
on top of a volcano.
So clearly, the site
is doing something
that's generating this
incredible heat signature,
suggesting something that
we don't quite understand.
Something strange
is happening here.
And this all gets exposed
when we start measuring
the electromagnetic fields.
Because when you
enter Adam's Calendar,
the electromagnetic field
created by the swirling sound
in the very high gigahertz
creates a very powerful
electromagnetic field running
horizontally, again, blocking
satellite and making
you lose your GPS signal
until you go between the two
calendar stones in the middle.
And there the
electromagnetic field
runs vertically, out of
the ground into the sky.
This doesn't make any sense.
This is just a
complete confusion.
We have crossing
electromagnetic fields.
That shouldn't happen in nature.
So what have we got here?
We have clear evidence of an
intelligently constructed site.
And I believe we have
something like this--
an active vortex, an active
portal constructed by those who
understand the laws
of nature, understand
how to use sound and
frequencies to create
this kind of energetic site.
Now what was this site used for?
We were already told that
this is where humanity
was created by the gods.
And in future episodes
I can share much more
about that from information,
from channeled information,
and shamanic revelations, and
many other areas of research
that has come to
me over the years.
But what was this
possibly used for?
We learned from
Zecharia Sitchin,
and from the translations,
that the Annunaki were
taking the gold off the planet.
And it seems to be
consistent with the fact
that there is not much
gold on this planet today.
And is it possible that
they were using this site
to beam up the gold?
It certainly is quite possible.
And once we realize that
teleportation is something
that we can do today, already.
I believe that the Annunaki
were possibly doing that.
And they were not blasting
the gold into space
with sky ships or rocket ships
as Zecharia Sitchin suggests.
They were actually beaming
it up with ancient sites
like Adam's Calendar and
possibly other sites.
One other great possible site
that they were doing this
was at Abu Gurab, just
close to the Giza pyramids.
If you look at Abu
Gurab, it so closely
resembles the Star Trek
beam me up, Scotty platform.
It's actually ridiculous.
You've got this huge,
alabaster crystalline platform
right in front of the
broken down pyramid that
would have been the source
of energy that energized
the crystal platform
in front of it
that would have been the
teleportation device.
All on a beautiful large
rectangular circuit
board, if you want
to call it that,
or an energetic
platform that would
have been used as
a teleportation
device, or a transmutation
device, or something like that,
through the understanding of
the use of sound and resonance
from Mother Earth.
And that brings us to
the end of this episode,
and how this
information connects
to many other ancient sites.
And how these sites were used
in ways that we could not even
begin to imagine on such
a large and massive scale
that truly boggles the mind.
I'm Michael Tellinger,
and thanks for watching.